Recent: 08/Mar/2011 - MobiPrimo Technologies acquired by Pubmatic Inc. PubMatic (http://www.PubMatic.com) gives premium publishers a real-time media selling platform for managing revenue and brand strategy. http://www.pubmatic.com/mobiprimo 19/Oct/2011 - Mobiprimo Technologies declared winner of Red Herring Asia 2011 !!! Thanks to all those involved. MobiPrimo, ('Primo' adj: 'the first', 'most essential') as name suggests, has singular focus on Mobility ecosystem and committed to become the finest provider of mobility services. Mobile ecosystem is evolving at a faster pace than ever before. Just in last couple of years, a major paradigm shift has happened. MobiPrimo team has been active part of this paradigm change. This makes MobiPrimo team unique and true value added partner in the true sense to all its customers. MobiPrimo's key focus is making sure that our customers are successful by utilizing our deep domain expertise and experience with carrier grade, enterprise class as well as consumer applications. We have impressive track record of helping our customers in defining mobility strategy, product roadmap, monetization as well market penetration strategy so that the current and future market trends are utilized in the best possible manner with reduced deployment and support cost. Specialties Mobility, Big Data, enterprise mobility, Wireless, Product Management, Software Development, telephony, open API, developers, mobile, iphone, android, blackberry, push technology, solr, lucene, salesforce - Big Data and Analytics, CRM- NLP oriented stack, Healthcare, media, Pashan Sus Road  Pune, 411021 India, Privately Held, 11-50 employees, http://mobiprimo.com/, Telecommunications
Eterno Infotech is a pioneer in innovative mobile applications that promise to add value to the mobile user experience. Eterno ushers in a new generation of mobile telephony by offering unique mobile software and associated servers for MIDP, Symbian OS and other mobile operating systems. Products Offered NewsHunt IndiSMS IndiServer IndiMate Music Companion, Privately Held, 11-50 employees, http://eternoinfotech.com, Information Technology and Services
, Privately Held, 201-500 employees, http://www.spiceindia.com/spice/home.asp, Telecommunications
Founded in 2002, Knowcross Solutions develops cutting edge mobility and workflow products for the hospitality industry. Knowcross products are deployed at leading hotels across the world such as Hyatt, Shangri-La, Sofitel, Swissôtel, Oberoi, Radisson, Raffles, Intercontinental, and Kempinski. Knowcross is a Microsoft Gold Certified partner, Apple partner, BlackBerry ISV partner and Sun Java partner. Through its active participation and leadership roles in HTNG (Hotel Technology Next Generation), Knowcross is helping to define standards for the next generation of hospitality technology solutions. Specialties guest service software, hotel operations, hotel operations data on mobile, guest complaint management, Maulseri House 7 Kapashera Estate New Delhi, 11037 India, Privately Held, 11-50 employees, http://www.knowcross.com, Hospitality
